feat(http): Add Sec-CH-UA-Form-Factors, Sec-CH-UA-WoW64 headers (#37547)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/http/headers/sec-ch-ua-form-factors/index.md

page-type: http-header
status:
  - experimental
spec-urls: https://wicg.github.io/ua-client-hints/#sec-ch-ua-form-factors
---

{{HTTPSidebar}}{{SecureContext_Header}}

The HTTP **`Sec-CH-UA-Form-Factors`** {{Glossary("request header")}} is a [user agent client hint](/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Client_hints#user-agent_client_hints) which provides information on the user-agent's device form factor.

<table class="properties">
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <th scope="row">Header type</th>
      <td>
        {{Glossary("Request header")}},
        <a href="/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Client_hints">Client hint</a>
      </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <th scope="row">{{Glossary("Forbidden header name")}}</th>
      <td>Yes (<code>Sec-</code> prefix)</td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>

## Syntax

```http
Sec-CH-UA-Form-Factors: <form-factor>
Sec-CH-UA-Form-Factors: <form-factor>, …, <form-factor>
```

### Directives

- `<form-factor>`
  - : A string indicating a common device form factor.
    All applicable form factors can be included.
    The meanings of the allowed values are:
    - `"Desktop"`
      - : A user-agent running on a personal computer.
    - `"Automotive"`

>       - : A user-agent embedded in a vehicle, where the user may be responsible for operating the vehicle and unable to attend to small details.

Reviewer: I know the spec says it, but its not a good string given the law in many places.
```suggestion
      - : A user-agent embedded in a vehicle, where the user may be responsible for operating the vehicle and have limited ability to interact.
```
